So back in JSFiddle, in a brand new project though a very simple one as you can tell, I do have my paragraph
where I output a title and the title is simply is hello world here.
So pretty much the same as we had in the first module, just different text, a little bit leaner,
no event as of now because what I want to start with is this connection between this vue instance and
this html code.
I already explained that we have this kind of connection but there is one important thing to understand
which I want to highlight right now,
by creating this new vuejs instance there and note that we don't store in any variable, it is
still created though by instantiating this instance, we do create this connection and vuejs then
takes this
html code up there and creates a template based on that code.
And this is important to understand, vuejs does not add runtime, use our html code and have
these commands in our html code.
You can actually see this if we inspect this hello world text here,
then you'll see that here
of course we only have hello world, we don't see any curly braces, we don't see any other code which was
added by vuejs, no hidden hint that there would be some magic going on,
nothing at all. Vuejs creates a template based on our hmtl code, stores that internally and then basically
uses this template to create the real html code which then is rendered as the dom.
This is important to understand because this allows us to use template syntax like that and like all
the other things I will teach you throughout this course, in the html code we write because it's not the
one running in the browser in the end,
there is this layer in the middle and this layer is the vuejs instance which takes our html
code, creates a template, renders this template by for example entering the title here and then outputs
the final html code which gets rendered here.
You might have been aware of that already but if not, this is really important to understand why we were
able to write the code as we do up here on the top left corner.
With that out of the way,
let's dive deeper into how we can interact with the dom through this template approach by using vuejs.